Remove OS specific mentions from virtualenv guide (#9786)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/installation/virtualenv.markdown

It's recommended when installing Python packages that you use a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3.6/library/venv.html#module-venv). This will make sure that your Python installation and Home Assistant installation won't impact one another. The following steps will work on most UNIX like systems.

<p class='note'>

> This is a generic guide for running Home Assistant under Python. We recommend to use [our recommended installation guides](/docs/installation/#recommended) or use one of the community contributed guides for [your device or operationg system](/docs/installation/#community-provided-guides). The steps below may be shorter but some users find difficulty when applying updates and may run into issues.

Reviewer: Not sure we should be recommending the community guides, which is how that sounds. Maybe

We recommend to use [our recommended installation guides](/docs/installation/#recommended).  Alternatively you can use one of the community contributed guides for [your device or operating system](/docs/installation/#community-provided-guides).

Reviewer 2: I really want to change the navigation and general pages around the installation methods first (especially around the community guidelines part tbh)

Author: With changing it first, would you prefer me not add any changes to this paragraph for now ?

    ```
    $ source bin/activate
    ```
 4. Install Home Assistant:
    ```
    $ python3 -m pip install homeassistant
    ```    
 5. Run Home Assistant:
    ```
    $ hass --open-ui
    ```

>  6. You can now reach the web interface on `http://ipaddress:8123/` - the first start may take a couple of minutes before the web interface is available

Reviewer: How about a note that on lower end hardware, such as a Pi, it may take longer. I have seen startups of 10 to 20 minutes on a Pi often enough.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 6. You can now reach the web interface on `http://ipaddress:8123/` - the first start may take some time before the web interface is available, especially on lower-end hardware like a Pi. 
```

Author: I guess it could depend on if compiled binaries are available for the platform that it is being installed upon. 

I do still want to give it an estimated number Frenck, "some time" can mean too many things. I think I will stick to "a couple of minutes" but add your sentence about lower-end hardware.
